[Music]
incredible what I'm tired of telling
well incredible not totally believable I'm
going to put up a video I don't know if it was the
galera the galera there was someone last night I
think it was the galera yes it is the galera
ok correct
ladies and gentlemen
ladies and gentlemen and of course it takes a
long time those 80 children of course you as
alone and you have two or three children only
I have like 80 so at 80 they pass
by here or visit each one asking me for
five euros each anyway well
take 11 I've
seen you since before what happened to Jairo
greetings today at this time a long time ago he left
thank you very much tom jones
reached 10 million
subscribers today okay the family will receive the
diamond plaque the family of tom
jones and will again receive the diamond plaque
brutal brutal but even more brutal
done
the jealousy channel does not exist
no I have no idea and it escapes me
what the reason was was the reason
if there are enough reasons to close it
like yes but as youtube closes it or in
other words it sent him  extra already three
videos by
his side the account has been directly
closed how did that happen what I would
like to know I would love to know out of
curiosity no we will never know I think
deleting the channel for his opinions
on the subject of 2011 is a bit exaggerated
and it is here something says that something let's see it
is not for his opinions he has been
very disrespectful it is another level it is
another level
at another level
here and thank you very much
thank you very much win really
let's see a little what people are saying
[Music]
partly because of that I am not updated
what more does Pilar command
what Pilar demands ah
okay Pilar as soon as the
live ends we look at several papers to the ceo
ah okay
well now that I have seen the controversy with
the recently deceased I took the subject of
jealousy I am going to show something that I did in
2018 and I never regretted it like that I have it
from Castilla the video prayers to such
or so the only thing that is left alive in the
twitter account they have not
deleted it has hidden it
could also be that they have hidden it from him
the channel so that not only report  that
could have also happened that
could have also happened the psoe
I can take now and close my channel
and I have I don't know how many days to
restore it
that's what the report says also
xavi thank you very much of
course that can happen that
can happen that's why I
tell you how do we know how can we
know I
know how can we know
there is a way to know sometimes it
tells me air it
tells me there d
the bad thing is that the tweet channel
became it apparently tweet they only shot him
because he snuck an ep live
seriously
seriously is still on tweet let's
see they send me this tweet that he put
before putting the lock okay he says
I'm thinking about working I give a video
all sad saying that
all the hate has affected me crying and such and then
right at the end laughing at everyone who
believes it how many would fall
and a youtube just spoke to me they are
smiles love and says bro I'm watching
your live
a friend happened to me this about the
jealousy channel it doesn't say anything that it has been
deleted he must have hidden it
the only thing it says this channel is not
available I would say that he has hidden it
I said that he hid it we only looked  there is
a way to confirm it
there is a way to confirm it and it would be the
following let's see I would need I would need
the title of some jealousy video I would need the title of some
jealousy video
tell me a literal title a title like
that
but
morality
I would say that could be a title I don't
know what about your disgusting
morality look at this
this is a relationship made a
deleted video I would need the original link of
a video
this could be the original wine
okay we
copy the link we
come here now we're going to watch the
video of the galera the
channel is hidden
the channel is hidden the channel is hidden
I would say that if it weren't hidden the
video
here in the inside instead of putting the
video is not available what I would put
would be the video does not exist because the
account associated with youtube is no longer
deleted and when we go to the channel there is
[Music]
this point is they have not thrown it
the channel has hidden it so that it does not
report them to avoid them being closed
okay can you send me Enrique a youtube this
capture what appears when you
go to the link of your channel and it tells you
this channel is not available if it were
a  channel let's actually look let's go to something
else
let's put
the one life here
if it were
if the one that had been closed to and I would
put this channel it wasn't it doesn't exist
because it breaks the rules
or in other words the channel is hidden let's see if we
can see a link here look this is
the youtube channel
el caer is not available okay this
channel has not been closed youtube
what it has done is protect itself put its
head in its shell until
a tweet passes ban its main account
permanently but two or three days ago
another call was made of the two life
then no
[Music]
then it's not that it has returned they will not be
returned and they
will be returned god
what a shame what a shame
what a shame
now in tweets you can do that and
nothing happens to you god
what a shame really
cello 1 and 2 yes now I see what
[Music]
who created this no
220 it
can't be a friend is uploading a
video saying tom jones has died oh
friend no no no no no
to me
although the [ __ ] thing is uploading a video
giving it tells us that very well [ __ ]
what a [ __ ]
this guy changed
friend I swear
at the moment of the wave now you
hear me but now take out the camera
man what I do
is trying to maintain the order
trying to maintain the computer until
until I move sincerely and the
truth is that I don't think it's going to be
possible to maintain it
could also be
formatting it Ivan you're here it's going to give us
shape I love you the computer is working well man
we're here suffering when it's not
just formatting it
just formatting we can't stand it for
a while it's in languages
every day something fails different and
but to have realized the computer has
been three years two or three years without
formatting never ever in life and
all at full speed ping ping ping
ping ping
a format it could come from the smoke or
putting it in the sun who knows the shell
pulling to make us make videos
this fight that is in fashion we have to
make videos
new friends
now that it's in fashion we have to make
videos that I want to buy a new pc
from the tip
and it's over the idiots are yesterday not me
or am I him so that the jury does not even upload to their
shitty channels
let's hope we never see this guy again
lollipop
come back literally
what he has done has been hide his channel
so that it does not only close now that
the DGT passes by side and in a week to
week and a half well then it
reopens and he even knows there is a channel where he
was putting himself out her name is marina
carlos marina campo I know who it is do not give me
channel advertising it is strange man I
really spend a lot of money tidying man
can you send my brother
martn
mart a greeting and a greeting if he ivan can
format the computer today man
also guaran the one you had told me is
not going to save the name of the channel that he
had told me god
of oliveira
is adriano
nobody you there is
nobody talking about my uncle you are
lying
this is for another computer
radiant face with smiling eyes
radiant face with smiling eyes I am as
obvious as stern bands give each other away a lot of
money maria campus
God does not exist
or rather literally does not exist
or audio
a pc is a pc already look at the followers of
my
account no matter
how scum it is a dumped youtube no matter
how scum it is a youtube it
always has followers man because they have
always broken up with strangers get out
literally
you have to  put javier oliveira you're going to piss me off
who makes a video with javier olivera
the title dude
javier oliveira
like that
and already it is I've seen it
to be a fan of who we said and it
makes me green all the time yes already already but
god forbid because the
mention has been it has 200 visits so that the bomb truth that has the sick ones the same as then there are the recorded ones who follows a person like the final is the first video of my life that I don't know how to start it at this moment
I am in a giant mental gap
because it is an issue that affects me
a lot it is news a lot with tommy
throughout the five months that his
case became known and at the beginning it is
history on youtube I tried to record a
video but by chance in life
my cousin was going through cancer and
many times I ended up breaking down and
simply and plainly I could not make a
video of tommy because of that because it did not
come out I ended up crying I saw the people
who follow me on tweets know that I am very
sensitive and none of that ended up
breaking me down and simply and plainly I could not
make a video  of all mine at the beginning
because I couldn't get it due to
my cousin's illness, I also ended up stopping doing
streams because I wasn't mentally
strong and I'm still not strong and that's why I
'm not doing live streams on
twitch so for these reasons it
ends up emphasizing a lot with the
case of tomic excuse me if the video is not
entirely good in terms of script
because I'm not winning and editing
because I really want you to understand or
at least put a little point in my
place because really this is not a
video the purpose of entertaining like
all the previous videos on this
channel the purpose of this video
really is for everyone at
least the people who get this
video to know, repudiate and reject
totally and forever the
most horrible,
reprehensible and disgusting person that I had the misfortune of knowing most of the subjects or the people who have brought to this channel a totally god be this we were commenting on this yesterday it would not be about a person a bad youtuber not in plane there is little content of
[ __ ] [ __ ] hey
man problem trickett to the churro look at
you the books  now that I've worked hard on the
box now that it's a video that has
basically done
what I'm doing that's no longer no no no no it's
no it's
bad content bad youtube
a bad person
the truth
but what is this that's what it
wants me to see it's
killing me there are some very strange things
planet box
to its lineage but hard percent
i
[Music]
no
the goal of red idiots transcription author
[Music]
come back it has not arrived
we have already reached these lands
let's look in the first transmission
this referendum
no don't put children here I'm not going
here children don't come out
you understand that it's to make
humor know an important case or
just to pass the time and even if I don't like a
person I talk about in a video I
always try to be as
objective as possible but for the first time in
the time that I've been on the internet things
became very personal and that's why
I apologize in advance for the things
that I'm going to say almost two weeks ago the
mother of everything gave me a statement
announcing that the boy is no longer  I wanted to
upload more videos because people on
YouTube and other video platforms,
certain mentally incapable people laughed at
his physical health condition and even at
how he spoke, so I made a
tremendous video about the hate of that
and I also read the statement from the mother
in question that at a certain point in that
video I talked about the failed
26-year-old adult who rents the room from
his parents so as not to live on the street
because his parents literally can't
stand him anymore, called the one lifers, who was
the only streamer and YouTuber who insulted
Tommy and the people who
subscribed and supported him, not two or three
offspring of humanity there were two or three
avant with the pseudo argument that they don't
deserve the subscribers because they don't
do good and fingers and he also said that they should
subscribe out of pity and that all the
people who supported him and subscribed
were hypocrites because they were
helping him out of pity and not because he is a good
YouTuber. He also said that instead of
subscribing and supporting him they should
teach her how to edit and record to see pieces
of cork and how you  I explain
unfortunately most of the
people with enough
motor skills to formulate a sentence
had the dark and realistic idea that
Tommy didn't have that much time left
the next time any of you on the
great channel ask this
scholar and champion of life for permission because he
decides who we subscribe to and
support just in case he goes to
extremes crying and throwing tantrums
because at most 500 people watch him
on YouTube and for more than 4 years he
can't get more than 200,000
subscribers
woods you were lucky enough to have the
time and in that time all you
did was continue to be a failure and
not make good streams or good
videos because your quality
seems extremely good to me this guy has
200,000 subscribers I will attack you with
45,000 how the hell is this scum with
200 thousand guys it
seems crazy to me that he has 200
thousand subscribers it seems like a lot to me it's
horrible and on top of that you narrate like a
2 year old kid question what this broken ass
took my  video as if I was talking
specifically about him look at the
susceptibility and schizophrenia that
the [ __ ] slob handles who thought he was
important because I named him surely
now he must be trying to get
my channel logo on his butt and warning his
skype friends that I made a video a
serious issue when he made
a string dedicated to deleting
my followers' comments on his
channel
I reserve the right to delete everything
if he were to take off his katana
the sun stays busy towards my type
deleting videos in that sense he uploaded a
video deleting the comments
each case as if to delete I
also like it for the actions and that of
corrections
but Christmas yes
but the guy to remember the guy in the
video one of the things he was commenting on was
that the soap has been around for like six years friend
and it still has the same setup the same
background the same headphones the same
microphone the same quality the same
way of releasing the same way of
speaking the same friends his life is the
same the
shitty life clash as an example of what type he
throws like tips in unequal for
example in a good way
the system is not right or rather what the [ __ ] does he
do in a live
[Music] ha ha
space in audio
if you want it seems to me [ __ ] their leaves
and in the background in Sudan
what do you do well your [ __ ] channel a link
well
the 200,000 he earned them for being a
Dallas hater but we already know how those people are
[Music]
the reaction is stolen
a lot
[Applause]
calero
down problems that he has when
the news of the loss of Tom
Jones was released on Monday August 30th hielos as
I showed you previously I take the opportunity to
learn streams knowing that of the 30
beavers that he manages per stream he was going to
have more and take advantage of this to
profit from exposure and monetarily
because on top of that he boasts all the time about the
money issue and poor thing his average
subscribers on Twitch is 30 and
adding all his channels on YouTube he
has around 500,000 visits a
month I mean I'm not
lying to you visit me he doesn't have them are lies
now he's not going to update us on anything he
doesn't have it he can live he can
live
if he has it
[Music]
a  million and a half so he uploads 800
videos
now we can't see it clearly
because he has deleted the entire channel
but let's say he has enough to live on I do
n't know where he knows here
look there are
months when he has a million and a half there are
months when he has it
is a million and a half what he
normally has is a million and a half
if there is a month that has passed two
million some odd month there are
several months he has two million and there is
even one that has three million
okay
in March 2020 but he has 2 million
that he uploads many videos a day yes it is
true that there are videos that have five
thousand 10,000 views but if you upload ten
videos a day you
know then maybe his
1,1500 euros or even some month 2,000
can get adding up his channels
with tweets I think so
by the way you have to put it in from time to time
some advertisement in the ads I
have to put the most advertised
tweets because no I never remember and I do
n't get paid a [ __ ] [ __ ] on twitter almost
never but oh well I don't care well let's
see if I care how it goes it matters to us
obviously for a lot an advertiser  down there he
has a weight split in half and he
rejoices all the time the time of
money he lies to himself the same one who has
money to feel more than what he is and
cover up his insecurities with lies
anyway he is a pathological liar pathetic
thing the day he passed away take 11
I got so bad that I started tweeting
like crazy I'm going to show you the tweets
so you get into the whole context
the first tweet I put was he passed away
take 11 I am destroyed at least he is
no longer suffering or receiving hate
from model kids may he rest in peace
this to me later I went a little crazy
because I had just learned it
stream to laugh at all this that I'm
going to show you later is disgusting and
twitter hello one life is not going to be
free the hate that this generates about
this in the galley this with this I had
a problem no also a year or two ago
no this one I think
is one is
not against the Asturians but
if I'm not mistaken this was a kid who was
given an unfair strike and came to
ask me  help and then I gave it to him I
helped him get the strike back but
then the guy made a video I don't
realize what I said to him in the end they
returned the video because the person
who put the extra on him and took it off and the
guy made a video
thanking Pedrito vm I don't know
who two or three famous youtubers except
me
and then the guy is critical he defended
lean riccio when he put the star on him
nothing that was what
happened yes yes yes yes yes it is
very little I agree with Pablo Agustn I
criticize him yes yes yes he is a colleague of his they have
told him if the stream is from Argentina uff
not everyone let's not generalize but
Tetela's little group from Intel and it's
sailor or in other words the guy took it and started
defending him they have told him why he why he
why he put him he did not bring them anything when
he
mobilized when they put a
strange bullet on him that messed up the censorship of Mica
Surez I don't know what come on Javi remember that
his reactions are to put his photo in the
corner and forward the whole video the
only times he spoke were
dallas' reactions to
contradict him I
think that I believe heaven won
grew it was
that I feel for some Videla would
also grow of course I'm not saying no
but I think that everything I that everything
I that heaven when I met him
had those followers
since I knew them he has his
followers no less no more
and tom jones this notice god friend I
still can't get my head around how an
innocent and good-hearted child had the
misfortune of facing this
chronic and cruel illness life is super
unfair I just hope that the family is
calm and that the exemplary ones who
made fun of him suffer and I got really crazy
because of the things that this failed pig
said on stream and more knowing that
he was taking advantage of
Tomic's death and I'm happy
because people reacted thanks to the
things that I and the other boys put
because I really feel that he deserves for
people to know the garbage that he is
because he really said such strong things
on stream and more that you don't have to
say these things at any time but
more the day he passed away tom saying that I'm
going to earn money he asked me what I do
see of  hole your right
Argentine dude is that they are doing very well, I
mean the audience is usually Argentine and
from what you see in the comments
maybe I'm wrong but it is usually the
majority
from Argentina but it is that the ones that are doing
super well man
salaries they upload some videos that are videos
that are the same as the ones we do the
txuri I don't even simpler they
just give their opinion outside with a
gameplay in the background and such and the
120,000 likes
on a video of joder is very good it is
very good I have good healthy envy in
that sense
in fact the hate what happens is that they are
Argentines they do not give us a lot of money in
program of own jokes it was not an
Argentine that is a joke related
to a youtube in Spanish that you do not know
the context for things like that and that what
a 27 year old guy says makes me
totally sure that he is a very
bad person
good high cities
dominant love of love I took ago I do not
have much more to say
funny
about this you can look for grace this
is the one that
I found out about how it opens for
another time agreeing with me and  it pisses me off
that even at the end they gave me
reason to be an [ __ ]
until the final point of this story
they gave me the [ __ ] reason
this guy is dead [ __ ] man and now I can
say that Tommy's channel is dead
right,
nothing is going to upload anymore
so the people who say take is
better are praising a dead man
a dead channel
now I can put their empathy in
necrophilia
the weight of the cra did not have a day of
respect for Tommy he is by far the
most disgusting person idiot important
point of being serious to say the galera not a
day of respect god
and one day the same day he dies take after a while
of doing that until I stumbled on the
internet he is more the chomn several times
with delicate subjects like
sexual abuse the idiot made non-
ironic comments and in a joking tone the guy
thinks it seriously and I remember that once he
literally said if the girls go out
dressed like [ __ ] on the street endure
I know that they want to [ __ ] them and say
dirty things it can't be
no what he said was
not with  the d
if I'm not mistaken was something about down not
calling the girls [ __ ] or [ __ ]
they don't have a clip of this because the
coward deleted a lot of videos but I do
have as proof once when dallas
interviewed victims of aiton's abuse
gameplays and these abuses occurred
when they were minors and
look what the crazy man thinks do you
realize this or rather removing the fact
well I don't know a few okay but the fact
is that the llamas were 13 years old which is why it
is something illegal
unfortunately well unfortunately in the
sense that because he really from
the point of view was all these are
promiscuous and [ __ ] [ __ ] and please pay
attention to the fragment now that I'm going to
put because the guy is literally
capable of justifying pedophilia because that's
how it works he is mentally ill and
look at this is the fragment it is long but it is
not wasted okay
but between it is not that subject
mother because it is frowned upon philia
because someone older takes advantage of
someone younger
okay
and if it happens the other way around
t
or are you going to tell me no,
I personally  when I was in school
I met three girls
who literally
used their qualities
with older people
teachers
to get things
and they knew that the earth on purpose
because they were very [ __ ] or very [ __ ] or very
pretty
and so no
matter what happens man no matter how much time
passes and everything we live here on
youtube
and everything we already know about jealousy there
is always something else that can surprise me we
had never seen it before
because fat people are well seen by
society it is called the video we
had never seen before
wow
your improbable
is like
with this I'm going later how I can't it's
wrong I have to
wait for the cloud look at you I
will live with your
strength when you turn 18
and grant the power of wisdom you
have to be able to put your dick in the crazy one it is
noticeable he
just criticized I do
n't know that life counts on that joke
irony what he has done would be in the end what he
just did is criticize the
fact that an age is set you know like
saying that it doesn't make sense that you
can't [ __ ] a person when they are
17 and a half and if you put it outside for
okay he made the joke it is something very
saying
like  saying that the day passes that god
illuminates you and now you can stick your
dick in
wow he
is a [ __ ] of a person I mean literally he
is a disgusting person
literally he is a disgusting person no I
mean [ __ ] can the content creator burn
what shitty videos do they make or
literally a bad person far away that all he
has in his head is [ __ ] and
garbage he is a short demented 1 so that
the image that he has about reality
is the most murky in his world it is okay to
make fun of the death of an
innocent child who unfortunately caught
the most critical cruel and
chronic illness that is fine for him and the
dangerous thing is that this thought is
enhanced because he has people who support him
in this idiotic short and
pathetic thought whether it is 30 people like the one
this failure is used to having
or 400 like the last time he turned on
stream, that thought is enhanced equally he
is so arrogant and egocentric that if
two people look at him he is going to
feel like a scholar when he is only a
27 year old fan of those who read it who
rents a room from his parents
for a hundred euros who do not even want to have him
in that  home does not even have the will to
upload edited videos or do anything other than
racks goes
out rents the room to the parents
because they do not want to have him at home or is it
a joke it
would be incredible
because the jealous and giving him a hundred the sky
is being 24 hours connected to
choose for half the parents does nothing
else talks because the air is free
the core that this one said that Tommy had to be
taught to be a youtuber edit and
fill when this failed
27 year old [ __ ] has been on the platform for 8 years
and the only thing that has evolved and
made progress is his mental stupidity in
eight years he was not able to change
rooms camera microphone it's more even
the monitor he uses is the same the
perfect adjective for this mentally ill person
is a failure and a failure wanted to
give classes on how to be a
content creator to an innocent kid who was
grass
look I'm going to ask a question say
many is that I was thinking we have
always been talking to you about calling
someone [ __ ] calling
someone sick no you is the fact that
a person like like like
jealousy
a person more jealousy the
word mentally ill is used to insult him
as you see it,
insults fit with jealousy, as you see it,
tell me what you think freely,
but I am sincere at heart,
I accept all kinds of opinions, going
through the cruelest thing in life and then when the kid died he wanted to get 100 euros out of the house to pay the parents so they don't kick him out of the house because not even in his own [ __ ] house do they know what they
really want and they know who the
most unsuccessful and narrow-minded are, the
people who follow him support him and on top of that agree with him
on things as stupid and
serious as these, for example, it
is not an insult it is a reality, it
is wrong, I prefer the term heartless, it is
clear, he would not be mentally ill, let's
see, I think this boy is not very
well, I think he is very fine, he is not there,
but I see him as a bad person, a
lady, a piece of scum,
I don't see scum
apart, I think the boy has something, whether he
is crazy or has an
illness, I think he is playing a
psychologist, a psychiatrist, bar, he achieves it, it would not be
bad, personal opinion, that achievement
but I know it, I really see it, bad, bad, bad
again, bad,
when someone does something, I'm going to  [ __ ]
anyone who attacks with 7 same line I'm
going to enter a secondary account I'm going to
take all your information and I'm going to
publish
Sergio thank you very much everywhere between
that's where it all comes from because I still ca
n't find any real information
I think he has traumas that he hasn't been
able to overcome and he's stayed like that we don't
talk to him giordano script I think it
was I do
n't remember if we talked to him I don't know if he had been
bullied no
that wasn't what it was there was something
but I don't remember what it was
we talked about something in the live stream if something I
knew it touched look at what
the video description says price of
the reactions would come out he charges you to
make video reactions it's worth
10 to 20 minutes two euros twenty to
thirty minutes four euros
what character
I over time I've stopped saying
things like mentally ill jealousy he's a
real psychopath lack of empathy and takes
pleasure in screwing over those who don't
deserve it always in the end he's calling a
psychopath he does
n't want to call him mentally ill but
he calls him a psychopath everyone in the end is
in the same
as always I'm not going to send you to
insult you it's that clear  the problem is that
mental illness covers many things that's why it
offends that's why it offends me
personally I'm not offended when it's
used okay but I understand that there are
people who are offended no because
because it covers many things because a
mental illness does not mean that
you like jealousy a mental illness
no it does not
imply that you are a bad person
that you are a person that does harm
you can have a mental illness you
can be a mental illness that does
harm to anyone that you have your
problem there
are mental illnesses that are
more serious mental illnesses are
less serious you know let's
see I see it as calling
someone mentally ill I don't see it like
autistics polo like those with autism in the
sense that they used the latter to
enjoy it to belittle it or something
like that or to humiliate I see it more concrete
because you're putting one thing in
concrete you know
because there are a thousand types no but well if
someone is offended by that I understand
I see that they need professional work I
suffered from bullying and luckily in my case
now I help others since I lacked
that if he had it in his case he surely
developed a distance with  all
people and due to lack of empathy and
the rest, I do
not use mentally ill as a pardon.
Also, I believe that psychopathy is not an
illness but a disorder, although I
am not sure,
a psychopath is a mentally ill person. Do not
correct me if we share a mentally ill area
where the parents are separated and
living in different cities in
Spain and the father rents him an apartment
that he has where he lives. It has
nothing to do with bullying. I suffered
bullying. I am not like that, of course, he is a bad
person. Points. Do you know if you have
suffered bullying? The most logical thing is that you do not
like bullying others. No, the
most logical thing is that he is empathetic with
people. No, you do not
know how bad it is. There is not
a bit of a dark illness, it is not the
same,
but a psychopath tends to think and do
harm, he is crazy.
Thank you,
psychopathy is a
personality disorder, not an illness. Well, okay,
thank you for the correction,
okay, okay, okay, I will,
but I will tell you the
same thing anyway, I mean, I do not understand who gets
offended that this is used as an insult,
but I think it is most generalized. Look, for
example, something that
this boy in a hat said wrong.
video has been old you have old faces
to be messing with was using
something more specific to insult
someone you
're not involved he touched your mind he's down too he
's telling us his face let's go
his face with insults you
understand me but I for example
mentally ill I see it more general you
have not the same as me that you
lose everything subscribe to
accounts send gifts it
depends the bullying ng is like child abuse
there are people who grow up watching LP well and
whoever grows up having enough the
abusers for example since they have the
power it's very complicated to
enter sites that you have to enter
at a moment of his stream it was at a
moment of his stream at a moment of his
stream the day that Tom Jones died I
had posted a tweet where I sent
all my twitter followers to
report his tweet youtube and his
twitter account question that the crazy guy lost his
temper in the middle of the stream and started
threatening me he started insulting me and
the idiots that follow him caught my attention so much that
a lot of them went to
report me and obviously twitter took down my
tweet question that the crazy guy started threatening me
the problem is that mental illness
is related to
genetic diseases someone with actions like
yours usually have some type of
psychological pathology
Carmen I mean he won't
say anything for me I'm not the one
behind him now but he's going to
come looking for me that he's going to make my
life impossible and it's all a lie I'm
a bear for the sick of his
followers I send him a ton of
messages on instagram and the crazy guy has his
panties so screwed up that he's not
even capable of answering me anything the crazy guy if he's not
being supported by his 30 verses no he does
n't have the balls to say anything
else okay cholo you
were a coward the first one look I was the one
with the phrase it wasn't you the one who could
said in the phrase throw the stone and
hide your hand
but the pgje of hiding your hand
I believe that another is also one whether it's
part of everything we are examining
I believe that when he has this type of
attitudes he
lacks power I
know how to have
done it having the power to intimidate
someone you
understand there is a doubt a psychopath is
born or made in my case I have a lack  of
empathy but because of my education I try to
use that to my advantage to become a better
person unlike jealousy who didn't
have a good education and ended up like that
well we live a life of jealousy but
[Music]
I would say bad you have to be bad
okay you can be an [ __ ] maybe
[Music]
having opinions is being politically
incorrect it may be that you are a
little bit of an outcast but this guy is bad
okay
for his time
[Music]
please we are right they increased
Leo ago please
in the second the second link
resign
[Music]
threat so nothing the guy sins and
everything is justified edges he acts
violent and then falls on top not to
mention what he did with Tommy and so
nothing is done it disgusts me to continue
talking about him so I think there is no
need to say anything else for the sake of
Tommy's memory and
Tom's family and please after this video let's
never mention him
Esther thank you very much heart more
global live the internet does not forget or
forgive so ice if
the victims of bullying are watching this you are either
totally against it because you had a
terrible time or you pretend  bullish as a
defense method to show themselves strong and not be
attacked I only say this as an
explanation or are there people who after
having suffered bullying or bullying seem to
have the need to return it not
to the people who have bullied but to
whoever can
understand this also happens
everything I recommend you get should not go to
work it should not be like this on the
contrary what you should do is
empathize if you have been through it know how bad it is
because it is terrible it is
terrible the literal it is terrible man and
more when you are young or you are a child
the most logical thing is that in fight and do not do it
work in this and that with that
job it will pay you a hundred thousand sessions with
a psychiatrist do not return to the internet
because nobody has anything good to
offer you I am sure that they are going to
do it to you so that you have people
tell you oxygen the strong that each one no matter how they are
always ends up finding
people who support them that follow them that is
like being the very bad and they are going to be
cruel like you were with Tomic and for
the boys in my audience I have a little
message for you
friends
in front are good it is announced bless
283 teeth
[Music]
me  I got excited, I
touched it,
I bet, sad man
[Music]
bastard, worth more, sad position, starts
last, children, I
'm very sensitive with those things, threesomes,
[ __ ], it pisses
me off,
Javi, let me explain a little, the guy
once explained that he tried to end his
life at some point in his life, I think
the problem is that he's a person who's very
closed in a bubble
[Music]